reverse proxy: better explain LE certificates (#52)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: reverse_proxy.rst

When standalone mode is selected, make sure the following requirements are met:

> 1. The server must be reachable from outside at port 80. The acme client will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The firewall must be reachable from outside on port 80. The acme client will:
```

   - temporarily bind to port 80 to serve the authentication challenges
   - temporarily open port 80 to the public Internet to perform the validation.

>    Once the validation is complete, the port 80 is automatically closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once the validation is complete, port 80 is automatically closed.
```

>    Please note that if the port 80 is forwarded to another server, the validation will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please note that if port 80 is forwarded to another server, the validation will fail.
```

The certificate generation process can take a few minutes. During this time, the certificate status is ``Pending``.

Debug Let's Encrypt
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If the Let's Encrypt certificate request fails, the user can debug the process by entering the following command in the terminal: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Let's Encrypt certificate request fails, the user can debug the process by entering the following commands in the terminal: ::
```

  uci set acme.@acme[0].debug=1
  /etc/init.d/acme start

> The debug will be printed on the standard output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The debug messages will be printed on the standard output.
```

> After the problem is solved, the user can disable the debug by entering the following command in the terminal: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the problem is solved, the user can disable debug by entering the following command in the terminal: ::
```
